TOC-ionic.md, before:

# Ionic: All my repositories #

<br>

List of all my GitHub repositories with example [Ionic](https://ionicframework.com/) apps.

<br>

see also: Repos with tag [ionic](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing?tab=repositories&q=topic%3Aionic&type=source)

<br>

Since we use Ionic with Angular, and Angular uses TypeScript, there is also a preparatory exercise for TypeScript: [Palindrom Checker](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/TypeScript_PalindromChecker)

<br>

| Name | Repo URL | Description |
| ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `AbkVerz` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_AbkVerz) | Example for storing data with [ionic storag](https://ionicframework.com/docs/angular/storage) |
| `AlertDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_AlertDemo) | Demo for different dialogs |
| `ChartDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_ChartDemo) | Using [Chart.js](https://www.chartjs.org/) with Ionic |
| `Datumsberechnung` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_Datumsberechnung) | Calculate number of days between two days or add/substract number of days from a date |
| `GeografischeEntfernung` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_GeografischeEntfernung) | Demo for getting current GPS location | 
| `HalloName` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_HalloName) | Introductory example with event handler for button; with [GH Actions Workflow](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_HalloName/blob/master/.github/workflows/ionic-angular-ci.yml) |
| `IataCodes` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_IataCodes) | App to query airport codes; demonstration for automatic tests |
| `InformatikerSprueche`| [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_InformatikerSprueche) | Demo for translation of UI texts |
| `KfzKennzeichen` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_KfzKennzeichen) | Query county/city codes of car number plates in Germany |
| `KilometerUmrechnung` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_KilometerUmrechnung) | Transation to another page |
| `KitchenTimer` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_KitchenTimer) | Kitchen timer app to demonstrate usage of [plugin for local notifications](https://capacitorjs.com/docs/apis/local-notifications) |
| `ListenDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_ListenDemo) | Presenting lists in an Ionic app |
| `Lottozahlen` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_Lottozahlen) | App to be deployed as *Progressive Web App (PWA)* |
| `MenueDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_MenueDemo) | "Hamburger Menu" for navigation in app|
| `PegSolitaire` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_PegSolitaire) | Board game [Peg Solitaire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peg_solitaire) |
| `PipeDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_PipesDemo) | App for Angular pipes |
| `PluginDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_PluginDemo) | App showing how to use several Capacitor plugins |
| `ReorderDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_Reorder) | Demo for Ionic's [Reorder](https://ionicframework.com/docs/api/reorder) element | 
| `StringVergleich` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_StringVergleich) | App to compare the length of two strings entered by user, to be completed as exercise |
| `WeitereUiKomponenten` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_WeitereUiKomponenten) | Demo for several UI elements provided by Ionic|

<br>

Commit message:

Update TOC-ionic.md: Wuerfel

TOC-ionic.md, after:

# Ionic: All my repositories #

<br>

List of all my GitHub repositories with example [Ionic](https://ionicframework.com/) apps.

<br>

see also: Repos with tag [ionic](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing?tab=repositories&q=topic%3Aionic&type=source)

<br>

Since we use Ionic with Angular, and Angular uses TypeScript, there is also a preparatory exercise for TypeScript: [Palindrom Checker](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/TypeScript_PalindromChecker)

<br>

| Name | Repo URL | Description |
| ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `AbkVerz` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_AbkVerz) | Example for storing data with [ionic storag](https://ionicframework.com/docs/angular/storage) |
| `AlertDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_AlertDemo) | Demo for different dialogs |
| `ChartDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_ChartDemo) | Using [Chart.js](https://www.chartjs.org/) with Ionic |
| `Datumsberechnung` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_Datumsberechnung) | Calculate number of days between two days or add/substract number of days from a date |
| `GeografischeEntfernung` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_GeografischeEntfernung) | Demo for getting current GPS location | 
| `HalloName` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_HalloName) | Introductory example with event handler for button; with [GH Actions Workflow](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_HalloName/blob/master/.github/workflows/ionic-angular-ci.yml) |
| `IataCodes` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_IataCodes) | App to query airport codes; demonstration for automatic tests |
| `InformatikerSprueche`| [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_InformatikerSprueche) | Demo for translation of UI texts |
| `KfzKennzeichen` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_KfzKennzeichen) | Query county/city codes of car number plates in Germany |
| `KilometerUmrechnung` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_KilometerUmrechnung) | Transation to another page |
| `KitchenTimer` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_KitchenTimer) | Kitchen timer app to demonstrate usage of [plugin for local notifications](https://capacitorjs.com/docs/apis/local-notifications) |
| `ListenDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_ListenDemo) | Presenting lists in an Ionic app |
| `Lottozahlen` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_Lottozahlen) | App to be deployed as *Progressive Web App (PWA)* |
| `MenueDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_MenueDemo) | "Hamburger Menu" for navigation in app|
| `PegSolitaire` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_PegSolitaire) | Board game [Peg Solitaire](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peg_solitaire) |
| `PipeDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_PipesDemo) | App for Angular pipes |
| `PluginDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_PluginDemo) | App showing how to use several Capacitor plugins |
| `ReorderDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_Reorder) | Demo for Ionic's [Reorder](https://ionicframework.com/docs/api/reorder) element | 
| `StringVergleich` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_StringVergleich) | App to compare the length of two strings entered by user, to be completed as exercise |
| `WeitereUiKomponenten` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_WeitereUiKomponenten) | Demo for several UI elements provided by Ionic |
| `Wuerfel` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_Wuerfel) | Dice app which fetches real random data from an Web-API |

<br>
