TOC-android.md, before:

# Android: All my repositories #

<br>

Repository with *Android Studio* projects for native Apps with Java. 

<br>

see also: 
* Repos with tag [android](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing?tab=repositories&q=topic%3Aandroid&type=source)
* Repos with tag [android & github-actions](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing?tab=repositories&q=topic%3Aandroid+topic%3Agithub-actions&type=source&language=&sort=)

<br>

| Name | Repo URL | Description |
| ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `AbkVerz` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_AbkVerz) | App to demonstrate integration of SQLite database without Room |
| `AbkVerzMitRoom` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_AbkVerzMitRoom) | App to demonstrate 1:n relationships when using Room | 
| `ActivityLifecycleDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_ActivityLifecycleDemo) | App to demonstrate lifecycle methods of an activity |
| `AnyChartDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_AnyChartDemo) | Private repo; demo for charting library [AnyChart](https://www.anychart.com/technical-integrations/samples/android-charts/) | 
| `BootstrapAppInWebView` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_BootstrapAppInWebView) | HTML-Seite mit Bootstrap+JavaScript (Pangramm-Checker) wird im WebView-Element dargestellt |
| `BroadcastReceiver` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_BroadcastReceiver) | App shows a toast if particular broadcast intents are received, e.g. "Battery Low". |
| `ButtonEventHandlerMoeglichkeiten` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_ButtonEventHandlerMoeglichkeiten) | Different ways to implement a button event handler; also demo for GH Actions |
| `CustomView` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_CustomView) | Custom view for showing a bar chart |
| `DatumsDifferenz` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_DatumsDifferenz) | App with [DatePicker](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/widget/DatePicker) element, event handling to be added as exercise |
| `DisplayAnpassungen` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_DisplayAnpassungen) | App that adapts itself to different display resolutions |
| `EigenerImpliziterIntent` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_EigenerImpliziterIntent) | Repository contains two apps: one for sending a custom intent, and the other one for receiving it |
| `Fragmente` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Fragment) | App to demonstrate using fragments on UI | 
| `GlossarListView` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_GlossarListView) | App showing how to use a [ListView](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/widget/ListView) | 
| `HalloDHBW`| [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_HalloDHBW) | Basic "Hello World!" app, just displays a static text |
| `HalloName` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_HalloName) | App demonstrating dialogs and toasts |
| `Handzaehler` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Handzaehler) | Simple [Tally Counter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tally_counter) as example for event handler for buttons |
| `ImpliziteIntents` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_ImpliziteIntents) | App demonstrating how to dispatch several implicit intents to start other apps |
| `IntentCallback` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_IntentCallback) | App in which callback method for explicit intents is to be implemented |
| `LangeBerechnungMitFortschrittsanzeige` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_LangeBerechnungMitFortschrittsanzeige) | Example for running long tasks in background thread with progress indicator |
| `LanglaufendeOperationen` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_LanglaufendeOperationen) | Example for running long tasks in background thread |
| `LayoutWahlZurLaufzeit` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_LayoutWahlZurLaufzeit) | Layout file to be loaded determined during runtime |
| `Lernkarten` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Lernkarten) | Example for using [Room](https://developer.android.com/training/data-storage/room/) |
| `LinearLayoutDemos` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_LinearLayoutDemos) | App demonstrating selected aspects of the [LinearLayout](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/widget/LinearLayout) |
| `Mail4Myself` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Mails4Myself) | Private repo |
| `PegSolitaire` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_PegSolitaire) | Board game "Peg Solitaire" |
| `RessourcenDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_RessourcenDemo) | Different types of resources |
| `RestClientDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_RestClientDemo) | App can call three different REST-APIs (two return JSON, the other an image) |
| `RuntimePermissions` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_RuntimePermissions) | Demo for runtime permissions |
| `Schimpfmeister` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Schimpfmeister) | Android-port of [Schimpfolino](https://github.com/NikolaiRadke/Schimpfolino), demo for [ActionBar](https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/views/components/appbar) |
| `VektorGrafiken` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_VektorGrafiken) | Vector graphics (SVG format) in Android app |
| `Verkehrszaehler` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Verkehrszaehler) | Simple traffic counter app to demonstrate usage of SQLite in Android |
| `WebViewDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_WebViewDemo) | Displaying external web pages in [WebView](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/webkit/WebView) element | 
| `WeitereUiElemente` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_WeitereUiElemente) | Demo for several of Android's UI elements |
| `Wuerfel_Fehlersuche`| [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Wuerfel_Fehlersuche) | App simulating a simple dice, but to run it the error has to be fixed | 
| `ZweiActivites` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_ZweiActivities) | Interaction between two activities with explicit intents |

<br>

Commit message:

TOC-android.md: Nickname-Generator

TOC-android.md, after:

# Android: All my repositories #

<br>

Repository with *Android Studio* projects for native Apps with Java. 

<br>

see also: 
* Repos with tag [android](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing?tab=repositories&q=topic%3Aandroid&type=source)
* Repos with tag [android & github-actions](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing?tab=repositories&q=topic%3Aandroid+topic%3Agithub-actions&type=source&language=&sort=)

<br>

| Name | Repo URL | Description |
| ---- | -------- | ----------- |
| `AbkVerz` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_AbkVerz) | App to demonstrate integration of SQLite database without Room |
| `AbkVerzMitRoom` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_AbkVerzMitRoom) | App to demonstrate 1:n relationships when using Room | 
| `ActivityLifecycleDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_ActivityLifecycleDemo) | App to demonstrate lifecycle methods of an activity |
| `AnyChartDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_AnyChartDemo) | Private repo; demo for charting library [AnyChart](https://www.anychart.com/technical-integrations/samples/android-charts/) | 
| `BootstrapAppInWebView` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_BootstrapAppInWebView) | HTML-Seite mit Bootstrap+JavaScript (Pangramm-Checker) wird im WebView-Element dargestellt |
| `BroadcastReceiver` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_BroadcastReceiver) | App shows a toast if particular broadcast intents are received, e.g. "Battery Low". |
| `ButtonEventHandlerMoeglichkeiten` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_ButtonEventHandlerMoeglichkeiten) | Different ways to implement a button event handler; also demo for GH Actions |
| `CustomView` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_CustomView) | Custom view for showing a bar chart |
| `DatumsDifferenz` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_DatumsDifferenz) | App with [DatePicker](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/widget/DatePicker) element, event handling to be added as exercise |
| `DisplayAnpassungen` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_DisplayAnpassungen) | App that adapts itself to different display resolutions |
| `EigenerImpliziterIntent` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_EigenerImpliziterIntent) | Repository contains two apps: one for sending a custom intent, and the other one for receiving it |
| `Fragmente` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Fragment) | App to demonstrate using fragments on UI | 
| `GlossarListView` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_GlossarListView) | App showing how to use a [ListView](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/widget/ListView) | 
| `HalloDHBW`| [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_HalloDHBW) | Basic "Hello World!" app, just displays a static text |
| `HalloName` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_HalloName) | App demonstrating dialogs and toasts |
| `Handzaehler` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Handzaehler) | Simple [Tally Counter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tally_counter) as example for event handler for buttons |
| `ImpliziteIntents` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_ImpliziteIntents) | App demonstrating how to dispatch several implicit intents to start other apps |
| `IntentCallback` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_IntentCallback) | App in which callback method for explicit intents is to be implemented |
| `LangeBerechnungMitFortschrittsanzeige` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_LangeBerechnungMitFortschrittsanzeige) | Example for running long tasks in background thread with progress indicator |
| `LanglaufendeOperationen` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_LanglaufendeOperationen) | Example for running long tasks in background thread |
| `LayoutWahlZurLaufzeit` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_LayoutWahlZurLaufzeit) | Layout file to be loaded determined during runtime |
| `Lernkarten` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Lernkarten) | Example for using [Room](https://developer.android.com/training/data-storage/room/) |
| `LinearLayoutDemos` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_LinearLayoutDemos) | App demonstrating selected aspects of the [LinearLayout](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/widget/LinearLayout) |
| `Mail4Myself` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Mails4Myself) | Private repo |
| `NicknameGenerator` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_NicknameGenerator) | Demo how to display results of SQL query in RecyclerView |
| `PegSolitaire` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_PegSolitaire) | Board game "Peg Solitaire" |
| `RessourcenDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_RessourcenDemo) | Different types of resources |
| `RestClientDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_RestClientDemo) | App can call three different REST-APIs (two return JSON, the other an image) |
| `RuntimePermissions` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_RuntimePermissions) | Demo for runtime permissions |
| `Schimpfmeister` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Schimpfmeister) | Android-port of [Schimpfolino](https://github.com/NikolaiRadke/Schimpfolino), demo for [ActionBar](https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/views/components/appbar) |
| `VektorGrafiken` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_VektorGrafiken) | Vector graphics (SVG format) in Android app |
| `Verkehrszaehler` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Verkehrszaehler) | Simple traffic counter app to demonstrate usage of SQLite in Android |
| `WebViewDemo` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_WebViewDemo) | Displaying external web pages in [WebView](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/webkit/WebView) element | 
| `WeitereUiElemente` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_WeitereUiElemente) | Demo for several of Android's UI elements |
| `Wuerfel_Fehlersuche`| [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_Wuerfel_Fehlersuche) | App simulating a simple dice, but to run it the error has to be fixed | 
| `ZweiActivites` | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Android_ZweiActivities) | Interaction between two activities with explicit intents |

<br>
