TOC-ghpages.md, before:

# ghpages-toc #

<br>

The following table contains a list of all pages published via [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)
by GitHub user [MDecker-MobileComputing](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing).

<br>

see also: Repos with tag [gh-pages](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing?tab=repositories&q=topic%3Agh-pages&type=source)

<br>

## Basic HTML ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| HTML Basics | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_Grundlagen/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_Grundlagen) |
| HTML Dummy Page | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_HomePageDummy) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_HomePageDummy) |
| HTML content to be put into hybrid Cordova/Capacitor container | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_HalloCordova/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_HalloCordova) |
| HTML: MPA vs SPA | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_MPA-vs-SPA/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_MPA-vs-SPA) | 

<br>

## CSS ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| CSS Basics | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/CSS_Grundlagen/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/CSS_Grundlagen/) |
| Responsive Web-Design | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/RWD_mit_CSS/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/RWD_mit_CSS/) |
| Dashboard Tiles | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/CSS_DashboardKacheln/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/CSS_DashboardKacheln/) |
| Fluid Layout with SASS | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/CSS_mit_Sass/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/CSS_mit_Sass/) |

<br>

## Bootstrap 4+5 ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| Android Glossary with Bootstrap 4 | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_AndroidGlossarMitBootstrap/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_AndroidGlossarMitBootstrap) |
| Apps with Bootstrap 4 & jQuery | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_BootstrapUndJQuery/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_BootstrapUndJQuery) |
| Apps with Bootstrap 5 (no custom JavaScript) | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_Bootstrap5_NoJavaScript/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_Bootstrap5_NoJavaScript/) |

<br>

## Angular ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| Chuck Norris Facts | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/Angular_ChuckNorrisFacts) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Angular_ChuckNorrisFacts) |
| Leetspeek translator | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/Angular_Leetspeak) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Angular_Leetspeak) |

<br>

## Generated (API) documentation ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| API-Doc for iOS app (Swift) generated by Jazzy | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/iOS_MischTempApp/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/iOS_MischTempApp) |
| Swagger-Doc for REST-API (BMI Calculation) | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/Java_RestAPI_BmiBerechnung) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Java_RestAPI_BmiBerechnung) |
| API-Doc for Java project "Lottozahlengenerator" (JavaDoc) | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/Maven_Lottozahlen/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Maven_Lottozahlen) | 

<br>

## Miscellaneous ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| Web site generated with [Hexo](https://hexo.io/) | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/Hexo-Demo/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Hexo-Demo) |
| Lottery Dice (PWA with Ionic) | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/Ionic_Lottozahlen/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_Lottozahlen) |
| Custom icon set from [Fontello](https://fontello.com/) | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/CSS_Fontello-Demo/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/CSS_Fontello-Demo) |
| Usage of a Web component | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/WebComponent_HalloName/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/WebComponent_HalloName) |
| JSON in JavaScript | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_JSON_in_JavaScript/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_JSON_in_JavaScript) |
| Blinking effect with generic data attribute | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_BlinkEffekt/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_BlinkEffekt) |
| Using SVG in HTML | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/SVG_Demo/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/SVG_Demo) |

<br>

## jQuery Mobile (jQM) ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| Android Glossar | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_AndroidGlossar/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_AndroidGlossar) |
| Datumsarithmetik | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_Datumsarithmetik/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_Datumsarithmetik/) |
| Informatikerzitate | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_InfoZitate/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_InfoZitate/) |

*jQuery Mobile* was discontinued in the meanwhile, see [here](https://blog.jquerymobile.com/2021/10/07/jquery-maintainers-continue-modernization-initiative-with-deprecation-of-jquery-mobile/).

<br>

Commit message:

TOC-ghpages.md: Bootstrap5+JavaScript

TOC-ghpages.md, after:

# ghpages-toc #

<br>

The following table contains a list of all pages published via [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)
by GitHub user [MDecker-MobileComputing](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing).

<br>

see also: Repos with tag [gh-pages](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing?tab=repositories&q=topic%3Agh-pages&type=source)

<br>

## Basic HTML ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| HTML Basics | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_Grundlagen/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_Grundlagen) |
| HTML Dummy Page | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_HomePageDummy) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_HomePageDummy) |
| HTML content to be put into hybrid Cordova/Capacitor container | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_HalloCordova/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_HalloCordova) |
| HTML: MPA vs SPA | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_MPA-vs-SPA/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_MPA-vs-SPA) | 

<br>

## CSS ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| CSS Basics | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/CSS_Grundlagen/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/CSS_Grundlagen/) |
| Responsive Web-Design | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/RWD_mit_CSS/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/RWD_mit_CSS/) |
| Dashboard Tiles | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/CSS_DashboardKacheln/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/CSS_DashboardKacheln/) |
| Fluid Layout with SASS | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/CSS_mit_Sass/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/CSS_mit_Sass/) |

<br>

## Bootstrap 4+5 ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| Android Glossary with Bootstrap 4 | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_AndroidGlossarMitBootstrap/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_AndroidGlossarMitBootstrap) |
| Apps with Bootstrap 4 & jQuery | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_BootstrapUndJQuery/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_BootstrapUndJQuery) |
| Apps with Bootstrap 5 (no custom JavaScript) | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_Bootstrap5_NoJavaScript/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_Bootstrap5_NoJavaScript/) |
| Apps with Bootstrap 5 and custom JavaScript  | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_Bootstrap5_MitJavaScript/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_Bootstrap5_MitJavaScript)

<br>

## Angular ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| Chuck Norris Facts | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/Angular_ChuckNorrisFacts) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Angular_ChuckNorrisFacts) |
| Leetspeek translator | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/Angular_Leetspeak) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Angular_Leetspeak) |

<br>

## Generated (API) documentation ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| API-Doc for iOS app (Swift) generated by Jazzy | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/iOS_MischTempApp/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/iOS_MischTempApp) |
| Swagger-Doc for REST-API (BMI Calculation) | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/Java_RestAPI_BmiBerechnung) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Java_RestAPI_BmiBerechnung) |
| API-Doc for Java project "Lottozahlengenerator" (JavaDoc) | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/Maven_Lottozahlen/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Maven_Lottozahlen) | 

<br>

## Miscellaneous ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| Web site generated with [Hexo](https://hexo.io/) | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/Hexo-Demo/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Hexo-Demo) |
| Lottery Dice (PWA with Ionic) | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/Ionic_Lottozahlen/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/Ionic_Lottozahlen) |
| Custom icon set from [Fontello](https://fontello.com/) | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/CSS_Fontello-Demo/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/CSS_Fontello-Demo) |
| Usage of a Web component | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/WebComponent_HalloName/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/WebComponent_HalloName) |
| JSON in JavaScript | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_JSON_in_JavaScript/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_JSON_in_JavaScript) |
| Blinking effect with generic data attribute | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_BlinkEffekt/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_BlinkEffekt) |
| Using SVG in HTML | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/SVG_Demo/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/SVG_Demo) |

<br>

## jQuery Mobile (jQM) ##

| Name | GHPages URL | Repo URL  |
| -----| ------------| --------- |
| Android Glossar | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_AndroidGlossar/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_AndroidGlossar) |
| Datumsarithmetik | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_Datumsarithmetik/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_Datumsarithmetik/) |
| Informatikerzitate | [Link](https://mdecker-mobilecomputing.github.io/HTML_InfoZitate/) | [Link](https://github.com/MDecker-MobileComputing/HTML_InfoZitate/) |

*jQuery Mobile* was discontinued in the meanwhile, see [here](https://blog.jquerymobile.com/2021/10/07/jquery-maintainers-continue-modernization-initiative-with-deprecation-of-jquery-mobile/).

<br>
